the king
the soil does not
the fall and this was presented in the
function and russia against skull and the
inhabitant
this combination that was presented there
for him
in constants
no no no
t
this is the poster about contra flown
the human years and the struggle of the 35
years
we are with the end
and if not
the physical minimum by then
with many surprises
you have to evacuate the study
yes no
my pain
every time
why
A) Yes
yes all
ah
the end
stars
exactly
Thank you very much for the guests and
guests that we were in the program to
Sometimes with so many guests we are made
very short time but I wish that they
have liked it if you see that we are not
accustomed to the dynamics of the program
it's not so there are so many guests
but it was worth it they are expert
atlantis that a commitment but that very
very interesting what any of
they the truth is that you learn a lot
and excellent people and you have to see them
and it's worth remembering because of the
guests that we had today only them
I'm going to dedicate a blue program
panther we missed one of navarro black
blatter disorder and we missed no of
solar and black houses that would be very
interesting we have here already franchise
we did not have was a program recorded in
medical arena us
so thank you very much we remind you
that Sunday look for in Monterrey in the
sand solidarity with the epidemic
destructive and on Monday 4 we 're going to
know the sand four roads there
we must laredo tamaulipas emotion
meet more fans and more arenas and
good follow the mark to the total lag
ultra violent and of course to
naucalpan night of champions
the triple tip to the mask of Saturday
the water dog's son goes to
darkness lizmark will be them in the va
to be very interesting and also and
double smell that comes in the sand
hobby so there's a lot of way and
also the arteaga auditor will
presents triple what comes to eat
sant antoni no
of the river exposes its championship
it's very good
because your of the solidarity
goodbye
agree well against whom to sell
from alberto del rio at our expense
true double-double web
It's interesting because this rock
see you in new laredo and monterrey el
Sunday on Monday sand solidarity and
sand 4
is that it is mutable the cities are the